Hey
how's it going Dave 2d here so this is
the second AMD rig I've ever built in my
life the first one was in like the year
2000 it was an AMD Athlon Thunderbird or
something like this 15 16 years later
you know 17 years later I have this the
AMD rise in seven so running arise in
seven 1700 X and a liquid-cooled Vega 64
and I put it all into this ITX case
because I'm all about smaller cases and
the liquid-cooled Vega 64 actually fit
inside this thing the case is a shift
from fantex it has a volume of around 20
litres so it's not like the smallest ITX
case ever but i think it looks really
nice and it wanted something that looked
stealth but could cool an 8 core cpu
with a powerful GPU in terms of the
other components it's running 32 gigs of
ram from Corsair it's running out of
stock
21:33 and a 600 watt power supply a
samsung 950 pro nvme and i'll drop links
for all this stuff down below but none
of this stuff is overclocked it's all
running at stock right now and I'm still
tweaking things so don't laugh my
award-winning cable management but yeah
I built a fully AMD rig I just want to
share some thoughts with you so first
let's start with the GPU the
water-cooled Vegas 64 it's a silver
casing red accents AMD sent the thing
out for me to take a look at earlier so
I'm still running beta drivers but the
performance is good it's a stronger
performer than a reference GTX 1080 so
right out of the box without any kind of
overclocking it benchmarks better and it
performs better in most games it's a
very powerful GPU I had mine connected
to a 1440p 144 Hertz freeze link panel
and the gaming experience is phenomenal
super buttery visuals with graphics
quality cranked up and did have hiccups
in a couple of games but I'm just going
to chop it up too immature drivers that
will get resolved I ran some benchmarks
for crypto mining and I don't know these
numbers felt really low it could be a
driver issue or maybe it's just a mining
client issue I'm not sure but these are
some numbers in case you're curious I
want to talk about power consumption for
a bit
the liquid-cooled Vegas 64 uses a lot of
juice more than a 1080 more than even a
1080 TI you can reduce the power
consumption through the catalyst
software and there's even a physical
switch on the card for
low-power mode but performance is
reduced if you do that it's about a 20%
drop in performance to go to power saver
mode and it's only a little bit of an
increase in performance to go up the
turbo mode but it uses quite a bit more
energy so balanced one is probably the
sweet spot now the liquid cooled Vegas
64 is clocked a bit faster and the rad
fits perfectly into this IPX case so I
gave it a shot now I tried all three of
these cards with the GTX 1080 at 1080 Ti
and the liquid cooled the Vegas 64 the
1080 Ti is a little bit of a tight
squeeze but all three of them fit in
terms of performance the liquid cooled
Vegas 64 sits right in the middle
the tanne Ti is quite a bit faster now
this rig was built for video editing and
looking at premiere the lead that Vegas
64 normally has over the reference 1080
it disappears it might be something with
the drivers or maybe Adobe needs to
optimize premiere to work with Vega but
the 1080 is slightly faster and as usual
the 1080p is an elite the Vegas 64 is
nice and a halt but really the heart of
this rig is the Reisman 7 1700 X so this
thing is awesome after years of building
pricier Intel systems having access to
an 8 core CPU at this price point is so
weird the performance is really good for
the money the fan noise of the
liquid-cooled Vegas 64 never gets super
loud or anything even when you're
playing games and the temperatures stay
comfortable as well they do a really
good job with thermal management and
pricing for the liquid Vegas 64 starts
at 599 the air-cooled version goes for
$4.99 and at this pricing the dollar to
performance ratio is not bad I mean it's
not a door crashing deal it's fair but
if crypto miners want these cards again
it's going to screw with the pricing and
I think these cards will not be
appropriately priced for gamers to
purchase if crypto miners get their
hands on these things overall I think
it's a solid card it has the same GPU
tachometer as the fury X performance is
strong and as long as Amy continues to
improve on their software I think Vega
is a good option for a lot of people as
for me personally for this particular
build I feel like the Vega GPU is a
little bit too hot and a little bit too
high power consumption for this
particular case size 300 watts is
pushing this case size and the power
supply 600 watt power supply a lot of
that is taken by the video card and I
just think that I should go for a lower
TDP for this system ok hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be liked it
subsequent
[Music]